In order to find the most sold item for any merchant we would start by using the invoice_id_by_merchant_id helper method. This creates a hash with each merchant id as a key and an array of each corresponding invoice id as the value. The invoice_id_by_merchant_id method works by iterating through the invoices csv and making a new key for any key that doesn’t exist and pushing the invoice id into the key. Once we have this hash we would iterate through the hash to find the pair with the key that was equal to the merchant_id we took in as an argument. Then we would iterate through the invoice_item csv and find each invoice item in the csv that has a invoice id that is contained in the key of chosen pair of  the invoice_id_by_merchant_id hash. We would find the quantity that corresponds to the first invoice id we processed and save it to a variable “quantity”. We would also save the ite ID to a variable “item” as that is what we ultimately want to return. We would do this for the rest of the array, setting the new quantity to “quantity” and new item to “item” any time we came across an item with a greater quantity. At the end of this we would find the item with the greatest quantity for that merchant. We would then return this item.

 To find the best item for merchant we would again use the invoice_id_by_merchant_id helper class to create an array with the merchant id as  the key and the array of invoice id as the value. Next we would iterate through the items invoice_id_by_merchant_id and find the pair that has the merchant_id we are looking for. Once we have that pair we would go through the invoice item csv and find each invoice item that corresponds to invoice id that is the contained in the array of the chosen pair. For each invoice item we would multiple the unit price by the quantity. We would save the result to a variable and the item_id to a variable. We would continue this for each invoice item overwriting each variable if the product is higher. At the end of this we would return the item id with the highest revenue.
